We have broken up
Lin Feng, you are still following me shamelessly
Don't you feel particularly disgusting?
Wang Shiyu's ex-girlfriend
Favorability -100
You should stop being so sentimental.
I'm here to buy a bag for Fei'er
Isn't this the internet celebrity Li Fei'er?
Buy a bag
Can you afford it as a bootlicker with a monthly salary of 3,000 yuan?
Who says I can't afford it?
Why sell your kidney just to be a bootlicker? Hahaha
It seems I picked the wrong place
No, you picked it just right.
Just pick whatever you like.
Then I really picked it
Don't regret it
Why
Do you still have this limited edition?
Only one
But this beauty is trying
Raymond Lam, what big gift are you pretending to be?
I'll show you how big the gap is between you and Xu Shao.
Many people's birthdays are coming soon
Didn't you just have your birthday?
That's the solar birthday.
What about the lunar birthday?
Can you give me this bag as a birthday present?
Shiyu, you know I don't like girls who are too materialistic
I believe you are not with me for money
Right
It turned out to be an embroidered pillow
I'm sorry.
If you don't buy it, I'll take it.